COMDOX-273: Migrate B2B Developer Guide (#19)
AdobeDocs/commerce-webapi: src/pages/rest/b2b/shared-cat-product-assign.md

---
title: Assign categories and products to a shared catalog

> description: Add categories and products to a shared catalog

Reviewer: ```suggestion
description: Review the pre-conditions necessary for adding items to a shared catalog
```

> ee_only: true

Reviewer: ```suggestion
edition: ee
```
